What is the Full legal name of the Company?
Where is the Corporate headquarters?
What is the company's Address?
What is the company's Phone number?
What is the company's e-mail address?
Provide the company's corporate HQ location and geographical footprint for offices located globally?
How many staff members/resources does the company have across US, Canada, Mexico, and India?
How many freelancers/Contractors does company have?
What is the Year of Inception?
What is the Main Office Location (City, State, and Country)?
Can you provide a brief description of the company including an overview of products and services?
What was the 2022 Annual Revenue (US $)?
Who are the main competitors?
Which companies are considered to be main competitors, and what is considered as competitive advantages relative to them?
Does company work with any of these companies: Apple, Microsoft Corporation, Twitter Inc., Facebook, Yahoo!, Amazon.com?
Can you indicate the company's revenue, EBITDA, and net income for the past 3 fiscal years?
Can you describe the company's working capital/cash position and its ability to remain viable over the period of the contract?
Can you provide details of any material changes (e.g. ownership, structure, acquisition) in the last financial year?
Can you indicate the company's average turnover rate for the past 24 months?
Can you please identify onshore and offshore locations and number of employees at each location?
Can you provide a brief history and profile of the company? Can you briefly describe the company's key strategies and business plans for the next 3 years?
Who are the company's top three (3) customers? What percentage of the company's revenue do they represent?
Who are the company's top five (5) customers? What percentage of the company's revenue do they represent?
Can you describe if the company provides resources for clients internally or if the company go to market for new hires or contractors?
What has been company's employee retention rate over the last 3 years across major locations?
Can you specify top countries for LATAM, EMEA, and APAC?
What are the company's top industry verticals by revenue?
What year did EPAM become a public company?
What was the percentage of revenue derived from the top five and top ten of customers in the year 2022?
In the year 2022, which were the top three industry verticals in terms of revenue in Europe?
What are the risks that could potentially affect EPAM's current operations?
As Life Sciences is a top source of the company revenue, could you enumerate the operational risks associated with this area?
Is India the company's largest location?
How did the company benefit from authorities' aid last year? (current year is 2023)
How much did the largest industry vertical grow in the last year? (current year is 2023)
In which regions did the company face revenue decrease?
How many customers who spent over 10$ mln does the company have? (year 2022)
What countries are included in the CEE region?